it's the end of the world as we know it
there's a bike outside really loud and I
know it hey turn around man hell are you
good sir hi what do you sell at this
shop I can't think of anything to sell
say you're scamming people oh yeah take
this invisible sword thank you now I
will rub your shop with it oh I'll stop
mom she's bullying me mom or the place
in here I said I was your feet on let's
see very bad oh god I never he say well
I'm like I'm like are we close the gate
and just like bad bad it's fluffy game
is birthday oh it's your favorite how do
you know this is my favorite map because
he you died last time and you have so
you're gonna say well I thought you're
gonna say cuz she said a few minutes can
then I was gonna be still on that I was
gonna say but you actually listened to
me and then you would have said like now
that would be like oh okay just like
everyone else that wasn't you that funny
yeah but too bad we're not funny okay
did you see the fountain out of the
corner of your eye
I don't see it but I'm gonna run to it
why running away I'm gonna die I'm
getting some Steve following me oh I'm
gang spawn killed well they're scared
because they know how good you can be
can be just know you're gay no good i
died i just watched you die so i can't
wait do you like the offense later he
hastily who would slash kill for me no I
just wouldn't want them dead my points
life isn't worth living anymore dash ki
ll oh all right back back to business Oh
God back to why this nine to five shift
working nine-to-five man too huh Oh
watch out guys gonna steal your wallet
Hawaii can I be like you person body
shop screen please sleeps he flips this
song the guy can't even write he wants
the screen okay while we've opted shop
ah you're gonna be in the background
working hey you guys can't stand here
this is my all right hey this is my shop
be cont oh wait three you can't just
stand here what that's it Hey oh god
this is the Willises out of here yeah
daddy he get out I don't look broomstick
I came out with a broomstick and I
freaking I hi working nine to five on
way to make a livin hahaha I see look we
need a fountain that's a good spool and
let's just go that way alright sounds
like a plan but watch out for this guy I
didn't trust him wait wait why is Khloe
yeah oh wait can you see his eyes yeah I
looked at him before oh I wanted to turn
around just look at you like I
he's gonna do it our YouTube hello you
two all right that's gay guys man oh
Jesus okay all right I got I got every
clothes I could think of bi got all the
clothes be 0 like I got better clothes
to me okay let's go let's go to have an
actual shop in the lip oh don't jump
into the hole nothin if you're gonna die
you're gonna make it up getting it yeah
okay all right and he get a weapon from
here what okay go slow get a sword out
of there be GN sword I got an ex I go to
X I got two eggs all right let's get
Scott Scott Scott's good all right hey
guy this is going good that's gay what's
this guy doing okay yes lil T come on
sugar fly pretty good yeah I told
someone alright sweet i can / phone be
happy hey what that's the end that's gay
okay then it's gay this way i need to
record anymore you killed some lunch
week message i order a coal more all
right be good yeah hey where'd you go
haha may come back and back and back
right yeah where are you I'm dead okay
all right you just buzzed off a music
huh there's three people if they're okay
look do you see this don't break the
glass type in that chest okay okay do it
no you did that's let's play the reason
why you that I can't doing it naari I'll
put the stuff back are you ain't you bet
that's the that's the reason why you
don't have a purple name d I put the
stuff back I do that's nice of you to
pull back okay see that there yeah can
you tell me to do bad stuff well I
didn't I said don't do it and you did it
I I I reverse psychology's dik let's go
up here look this a secret room up here
there's a guy coming okay this is about
love okay let's get in here come here
come here here Watch at this hot stuff
up it's a empty he's coming up he's
coming up he's coming any pretty nice
hey let's double-team him i'm stuck in a
wall he's giving back
oh here's a bike he has my all right I'm
gonna jump okay i ah he's dead he's yet
Oh talk about the roof oh he's so low be
oh let's kill wait haha wasn't I 25 try
get it recording alright it's 10 it's
passed out it's a hostile time are we
done we're done goodbye the guy felt the
need to say ranked like like what like
we're a game with something you totally
wrecked her I'm sad I'm sorry I didn't
get you a recording video now's a
perfect good video for maybe you don't
post it why